1. China is the largest povider in both pies (single slice CHINA) YES
2. A comparison between revenue focusing on the shaded slice (single slice/shaded? Services) NO 
3. Percent of donations from the wealthy (single slice Shares) YES
4. Distribution of set-top boxes based on provider (VS)Motorola vs Cisco NO
5. Dominance of Airbus in certain locations and the difficulty of finding different services in ares it is not offered (single slice)AIRBUS NO
6. Googles increased online presence (single slice) GOOGLE YES
7. Budget increase for projects in Mexico (single slice/VS?) Mexico YES
8. Public opinion (VS) YES Disapprove
9. Investments recieved vs investments made, (Asia Single Slice) NO Asia
10. Republican and Democrate runners vote percentage (raw data) NO Candidates
11. Percent of convicted politicians based on party (single slice) NO Parties
12  Presidential approval (VS) NO Negative
13. Approval of party for president and deadline for troop withdrawl (single slice) NO Party
14. Diesel trucks are becoming more ecofriendly (single slice/shaded) YES Diesel
15. Mortage value changing with time?  Values are unclear (single slice) YES market share
16. Number of shares reperchased (Single slice, home depot) NO
17. Mail Technology used in different businesses (VS/single slice?) NO Plan?
18. Return claim amount based on deductions (single slice) YES standard deduction
19. Walmat shares in mexico over time (Single slice) YES Walmex
20. Small servers electricity cost increase (Single slice) YES Small
21. Increased mortgage rates for people with lower credit (single slice) YES Loan rates
22. Medicare and public spending increase (shaded/single slice) YES Medicare
23. Medicare and public spending increase (shaded/single slice) IGNORE
24. How long will Bush's set back be, who sets policy for the country (unrelated graphs, single slices in both cases)  NO Set back
25. Telecommunication spending based on message type (single slice) NO Cable
26. Transportation has an increased effect on greenhouse gases (single) NO transportation
27. Ratio of sellers to buyers (China, not in second graph, single slice) YES China
28. Approval of GWB and who should set policy (VS) Disapprove YES
29. Chain retail store increase with time (single slice) NO Chain stores
30. People tend to get a new car of the same origin as the previous one(single slice) YES Domestic
31. Medical systems spendings increase with time (single slice/shading) NO Medical
32. NA
33. Third parties have a small percent of the vote (shaded?/single slice/bloomberg) YES third party
34. Market share of different car companies (single slice) YES market share
35. Awareness of new iphone and deciding to wait for new release (vs) NO Awareness
36. Number of developers in germany vs other countries over time (VS) NO Germany
37. Percent of republican voters based on demographic (VS) NO electorate
38. Increase in test score grades over time (VS) YES accomodations
39. NA
40. Turkey ethnic group and religion ration (VS)  YES Ethnic groups

19/37 = 51.351%  Had the message in the annotation
